Credits.md, before:

# Contributors to Additional Clockwork

Up here live those who have contributed the absolute most to the project

## Antistar

Links:

* [Nexus Forums](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?/user/60908-antistar)
* [Nexus](https://www.nexusmods.com/users/60908)
* [Clockwork SSE](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/4155)

**Creator of Clockwork** and helper of all!

#### Specific Contributions

* [Mentioning that detail about WIEventsEnabled](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?/topic/5060895-clockwork-sse/page-154#:~:text=someone%20did%20mention%20to%20me%20a%20while%20ago%20though%20that%20setting%20the%20wieventsenabled%20global%20to%200%20(in%20other%20words%20disabling%20%22world%20interaction%22%20events)%20should%20stop%20the%20courier%20from%20showing%20up.)
* [Giving his guide on making Guilded voices](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?showtopic=5060895/#entry91927523)

-----

## Direct Contributions & Translations

Everyone who has contributed anything, even just adding a space where I forgot one.

#### Nobody here yet. Maybe ***you*** could be that person!

-----

## Third-Party Programs

[SSEEdit](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/164)

[Bethesda Archive Extractor](https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/78)

[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)

[FOMOD Creation Tool](https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/6821)

[FOMOD Designer](https://github.com/GandaG/fomod-designer)

[DSpeech](http://dimio.altervista.org/eng/#:~:text=DTASKMANAGER-,dspeech,-DSpeech)

[Audacity](https://audacityteam.org)

[NifSkope](https://github.com/niftools/nifskope)

-----

## Ideas & Suggestions

Everyone whose ideas and suggestions have influenced and shaped the future of this project, even if just slightly. If your idea or suggestion is unimplemented, your name does not yet appear here.

### Nexus User [Foamimi](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?/user/42417205-foamimi)

***Clockwork Title Remover*** module

### Nexus User [raw666](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?/user/1136756-raw666)

Informing me of standard practices when creating patches

### Nexus User [Abbraaxus](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?/user/707602-abbraaxus)

Bringing a missing scripts folder to my attention

### Nexus User [zerorage1983](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?/user/7727148-zerorage1983)

Bringing a fatal crash caused by corrupted translation files to my attention

### Nexus User [ReverendFelix](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?/user/35558880-reverendfelix)

Informing me of problems that arrise with XPMSE and Realistic Ragdolls and Force

-----

## Assets

Let's not forget about everyone whose artwork has made it into the mod/installer!

[LucidAPs](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/users/3180451) - [High Poly Project](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/12029)'s Smelter Coal mesh

[Twicolabs](https://twicolabs.com) - [Chuck Noon font](https://www.dafont.com/chuck-noon.font)

-----

## Information & Tutorials

I *literally* couldn't have done it without them.

### [Creation Kit Wiki](https://creationkit.com)

Somewhat easy to use and has a index of Papyrus and the CK in general. INCREDIBLY useful!

### [DarkFox127](https://youtube.com/Darkfox127)

Maybe not the best audio quality, but the content quality is unrivaled!

### [Joel Day's Papyrus VSCode Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=joelday.papyrus-lang-vscode)

Advanced language support for Bethesda Game Studio's Papyrus scripting language. Incredibly useful and 

### [Andrew's Papyrus VSCode Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=plankton020.papyrus)
Useful syntax highlighting for Papyrus that is not included in Joel Day's extension

Commit message:

Hopefully the final commit to dist\ for 2.0.0
Huge commit with lots of maintainence changes. Honestly, it'll be easier if you just look at the changes yourself. This commit message only summarizes the plugin changes since those files are not shown.

BugFixes:
• Fixed a fair few more bugs
• Fixed the infinite load glitch - Thanks Glitchfinder! (see Credits.md)

Interesting Inhabitants:
• Allowed Lahar to use the wall hammering points while sandboxing
• Removed some linked references, some entire records, and updated the description

Credits.md, after:

# Contributors to Additional Clockwork

Up here live those who have contributed the absolute most to the project

## Antistar

Links:

* [Nexus Forums](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?/user/60908-antistar)
* [Nexus](https://www.nexusmods.com/users/60908)
* [Clockwork SSE](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/4155)

**Creator of Clockwork** and helper of all!

#### Specific Contributions

* [Mentioning that detail about WIEventsEnabled](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?/topic/5060895-clockwork-sse/page-154#:~:text=someone%20did%20mention,showing%20up.)
* [Giving his guide on making Guilded voices](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?showtopic=5060895/#entry91927523)
* [Giving me his idea for the scroll basket](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?/topic/5060895-clockwork-sse/page-170#:~:text=If%20I%20was%20to,%20scrolls%20in%20it)

-----

## Direct Contributions & Translations

Everyone who has contributed anything, even just adding a space where I forgot one.

### Discord User [Gitchfinder](https://www.nexusmods.com/users/3027732)

Uncovering the culprit of the infinite load glitch in the ***Cursed Bug Fix Plugin*** (a development version of `ClockworkBugFixes.esp`)<br>([Link for those with access to the Nexus Authors Discord](https://discord.com/channels/232168805038686208/232170049413185537/898724627998711840))

-----

## Third-Party Programs

[SSEEdit](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/164)

[Bethesda Archive Extractor](https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/78)

[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)

[FOMOD Creation Tool](https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/6821)

[FOMOD Designer](https://github.com/GandaG/fomod-designer)

[DSpeech](http://dimio.altervista.org/eng/#:~:text=DTASKMANAGER-,dspeech,-DSpeech)

[Audacity](https://audacityteam.org)

[NifSkope](https://github.com/niftools/nifskope)

-----

## Ideas & Suggestions

Everyone whose ideas and suggestions have influenced and shaped the future of this project, even if just slightly. If your idea or suggestion is unimplemented, your name does not yet appear here.

### Nexus User [Foamimi](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?/user/42417205-foamimi)

***Clockwork Title Remover*** module

### Nexus User [raw666](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?/user/1136756-raw666)

Informing me of standard practices when creating patches

### Nexus User [Abbraaxus](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?/user/707602-abbraaxus)

Bringing a missing scripts folder to my attention

### Nexus User [zerorage1983](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?/user/7727148-zerorage1983)

Bringing a fatal crash caused by corrupted translation files to my attention

### Nexus User [ReverendFelix](https://forums.nexusmods.com/index.php?/user/35558880-reverendfelix)

Informing me of problems that arise  with XPMSE and Realistic Ragdolls and Force

-----

## Assets

Let's not forget about everyone whose artwork has made it into the mod/installer!

[LucidAPs](https://www.nexusmods.com/users/3180451) - [High Poly Project](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/12029)'s Smelter Coal mesh

[Twicolabs](https://twicolabs.com) - [Chuck Noon font](https://www.dafont.com/chuck-noon.font)

-----

## Information & Tutorials

I *literally* couldn't have done it without them.

### [Creation Kit Wiki](https://creationkit.com)

Somewhat easy to use and has an index of Papyrus and the CK in general. INCREDIBLY useful!

### [DarkFox127](https://youtube.com/Darkfox127)

Maybe not the best audio quality, but the content quality is unrivaled!

### [Joel Day's Papyrus VSCode Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=joelday.papyrus-lang-vscode)

Advanced language support for Bethesda Game Studio's Papyrus scripting language. Incredibly useful and 

### [Andrew's Papyrus VSCode Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=plankton020.papyrus)
Useful syntax highlighting for Papyrus that is not included in Joel Day's extension

## Everyone Else

Those who don't fit into a specific category but still deserve credit

### Nexus & Discord user [L.V.X Magick](https://www.nexusmods.com/users/7385511)
Helping me debug the infinite load glitch in the ***Cursed Bug Fix Plugin*** (a development version of `ClockworkBugFixes.esp`). Though their ideas ultimately were not the issue, their help was nonetheless invaluable.
